Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[thunder rumbling]
[woman] I'm sick of it. sis.
I can't breathe here.
[sister] What is up with you?
Cheryl. calm down.
No!
No. they... they look at you
like you're worthless!
They make you stand there and wait.
like you're some sort of reprobate
or something.
Like you're shit
on the sole of their shoe!
[sister] Who makes you wait?
You're not making any sense.
Is this... one of your dips?
[Cheryl] The housing office!
I was down there earlier
asking for help with the rent.
[sister] You've got a job!
You and Michael need to stop
living fancy off those credit cards.
[Cheryl] I won Saleswoman of the Year
three times in a row!
- [baby crying]
- [Cheryl] I shouldn't be where I am now!
[sister] Carl! Go check on your sister.
I want more.
Is it wrong to want more?
[sister] We all want more. Cheryl.
[sighing] But we're dealt
the cards we're dealt.
You've... just... gotta...
make the most of things.
Now. what time you popping round later?
[Cheryl] Yeah. Yeah. you're right.
[breathes shakily]
"The most of things."
Just having a low day.
[quietly] Bit of a dip.
I'll see you at five. yeah?
[bag zips]
[footsteps approaching]
[front door rattles]
[sighs]
[phone rings and vibrates]
[ringing stops]
[telephone ringing]
[machine] Hello.
Your call cannot be taken at the moment.
so please leave your message
after the tone.
[telephone beeps]
[telephone ringing]
- [emergency siren in distance]
- [ringing continues]
[ringing continues]
[machine] Hello.
Your call cannot be taken at the moment.
so please leave your message
after the tone.
- [phone beeps]
- [man impatiently] Cheryl. where are you?
Answer the goddamn phone.
["E soffitto e pareti"
from Madama Butterfly playing]
[dog barking]
[opera music continues]
[opera music fades]
[middle-class accent]
Wonderful morning. isn't it?
[softly] Oh.
[chuckling]
[under breath] Wonderful morning.
[aloud] Wonderful morning. isn't it?
Wonderful morning. isn't it?
[woman] Isn't it just?
And you're looking just divine. as usual.
Charmer.
You coming to my charity gala this Friday?
We're opening up the doors.
[woman] Ooh! Exciting!
Disability. In the Gambia.
- [woman] Sounds splendid.
- Shall I put you down for 500?
- Pounds?
- [Neve] Yes. unless...
Oh... no. of course.
550 even. Happy to help.
So kind.
["Violin Sonata No. 9"
by Beethoven playing]
[Neve] Well. can't we add more?
We want a full house.
[man] I work in insurance. hon.
not hospitality.
[Neve] This is important. Ian.
These things carry weight
in the community.
I've been working towards this
for so long.
Okay.
Okay. I'll get it done.
And don't forget the langoustines.
[woman] Hello. Neve!
- [Neve] How's she getting on?
- [woman] Oh. she's a treat.
A right little worker bee.
Isn't she just?
What's happened to your hair. darling?
It's a style.
Right.
Trends are always changing. aren't they?
They are indeed.
[woman] Will you be wanting
anything for your event?
Mary's been telling me all about it.
A signed choir?
Oh. yes. The Dream of Gerontius by Elgar.
The journey of a dead man's soul.
Sounds marvelous.
I'll pick up some expensive shampoo later
and run you a nice bath.
A little pamper party.
When you came here. you didn't
even know what a village fête was.
Now look at you.
Throwing your very own gala!
- Well. you must've inspired me.
- [chuckles] I'd like to think so.
We're all so proud.
You're a real example of fortitude. Neve.
I understand the impulse
to want to give back.
It's not just giving back.
It's bringing it all together.
my time here.
A graduation of sorts.
And an opportunity
to show off the new kitchen.
Well. that too. obviously. [chuckles]
[sound becomes muted]
[muted laughter]
But. Neve. really. come on.
there's nothing to prove here.
- You're practically one of us.
- "Practically"?
You know what I mean.
And you are drop-dead gorgeous.
You haven't aged a bit.
It's actually quite infuriating.
- I'm getting it.
- [waitress] I'm so sorry.
Thank you very much.
Excuse me. Gotta go to the loo.
Without the service. Thank you.
["Morning Mood"
from Peer Gynt by Edvard Grieg playing]
[music continues on car stereo]
- [horn beeps]
- [metallic crash]
[gasps]
[chuckles]
[Neve] Need help with anything
in there. sweetheart?
I'm fine.
[Neve] You wouldn't believe
what happened to me today.
- In the car.
- [footsteps approaching]
- [boy] Anyone seen my poster?
- What poster? Ian.
[boy] The Lil Wayne one? In the gym?
- Your mum's telling a story.
- It's just disappeared. then?
So. yes. I'd just had tea
with Amanda. and I...
[phone beeps]
- [Neve] No phones at the table. Mary.
- Sorry.
So I'm driving along. when I see
someone dodgy from out of town.
and... [chuckles]
...you wouldn't believe
straight into the back of Sonia's car.
Near tore off her entire bumper.
- Send her over.
- [Neve] You'll sort it?
- Course.
- Thank you. darling.
[Ian grunts]
- Cute.
- Gross.
We just hired a girl from out of town.
Oh. really? What girl?
A lovely young Black girl.
Mm. Black?
- Well. we're Black.
- Yeah.
What was her name? This girl?
Abigail. She's quite charming indeed.
Hm.
["Chan Chan" by Compay Segundo
playing in background]
Your hidden skills.
Told you before.
It was a side job for a bit when I was 15.
Down in Catford?
- Up in Fulham.
- Was it?
[Neve] "Was it?" indeed.
[Ian grunts softly]
Do you think Sebastian's okay?
Why wouldn't he be?
Are we giving him enough space to.
I dunno...
- What?
- Express himself.
Sebastian has everything he needs.
Speaking of which. I just pre-ordered him
the new Xbox for his birthday.
What's wrong with the one he has?
[music continues]
[grunts softly]
- [Neve gasping]
- [Ian panting] Oh. Neve.
[Ian groaning]
[music fades out]
[Ian] You don't have to cover it up.
I know I don't have to.
[Ian] I used to love
the way you had it before.
Well. thanks for letting
your feelings be known.
Come on. you know what I mean.
It's just maintenance. that's all.
Let's go to sleep. shall we?
I'll be in in a mo.
[fox shrieking]
[water gushing]
[water stops]
[metallic rattle]
["Anitra's Dance" from Peer Gynt
by Edvard Grieg playing]
[music ends abruptly]
Sebas. have you been drawing
on the mirrors?
- What? No. of course not.
- [Mary scoffs]
Be safe!
[boy] Morning. Miss Williams.
[man] Castle Combe School has. yet again.
outperformed other private schools
across the country.
And. for the fifth year in a row.
our deputy head
and theology course leader. Mrs. Williams.
has outdone us all
with the most A-stars this senior year.
[Neve chuckles]
[man] Even if she still hasn't
given in her references.
[laughs] Well. I'd accept another medal.
but I'm currently out of wall space.
[whistle blows]
[Neve] Off to class now.
No loitering in the corridor.
Now!
Come on. girls! This isn't a photo shoot.
Off to class immediately.
Quickly!
[clock ticking]
[inaudible dialogue]
[softly] Sebas. Sebastian!
[students chatting]
- What?
- [Neve indignantly] "What?"
- Shouldn't you be in class?
- Yeah. I'm on my way.
Well. then.
Instead of talking to strangers.
- [Sebastian] "Strangers"?
- [snaps her fingers]
Have you got your phone on you?
[Sebastian] Maybe.
Keep it on.
In case I need to get hold of you.
Thank you.
And now into sound.
[girls singing "The Dream of Gerontius"
by Edward Elgar]
That's it. Very nice.
[boys join in singing]
[singing fades out]
- [bird crows]
- [twig snaps]
[wings flapping]
Who gave you that?
- Where is he?
- Who?
"Who?" This is the game
you wanna play with me?
I bought them.
Don't treat me like a fool!
I can suspend you. young man.
Don't forget.
I am your mother and the headmistress.
- Deputy.
- Inside. Now.
We'll finish this later.
- Where's your brother?
- It's Tuesday.
- [Neve] Yes?
- Basketball?
[breathes anxiously]
Basketball. yes. Of course. Basketball.
[hip-hop playing through phone]
[scratches roughly]
[woman chuckling]
[Mary] Mum! Look out!
[tires screech]
[Neve breathing anxiously]
[Neve scratching frantically]
- [Mary] It's here.
- [Neve] What?
- [Mary] Emily's house.
- [Neve] Oh.
- Are you all right?
- Yes. yes. I'm fine. I'm fine.
- I'll see you later.
- Jessie's dropping you back?
[impatiently] Yes. Mum.
Yes. Love you. Bye.
[softly] Love you. Bye.
[Ian. distant] Hey! How are you?
[Amanda] Hello. my darling.
Sorry we're late.
[Ian] No worries.
[Amanda] Barry's busy...
[Amanda] Place is looking gorgeous.
[Amanda] Wow. the spices.
Really. so yummy.
I don't know how you do it. Neve.
Barry's always complaining
about my boiled chicken.
- Is he?
- [Amanda] You have to teach me.
You'll have to teach me
one of your secret concoctions.
- We could make a night of it.
- We could.
Shall we?
[man] He's a freethinker.
He's talking about things
that the mainstream media
are scared to touch.
He's hitting a nerve.
"White flight."
That's how he phrased it on the podcast.
[Neve sighs]
- What is it?
- [Ian] Can we talk about something else?
It's when white people
flee urban areas for the suburbs.
- Why are they fleeing?
- [Ian] Because they're uncultured.
[man] It has nothing to do with culture.
- What's that? At the window.
- [Ian] Love?
- [Neve] At the window!
- [man] Can't see anything.
Something's coming.
Someone's there. Can't you see?
- [Ian] What?
- [Neve] Someone's coming!
[door rattles]
[front door opening]
- Hey.
- [Ian] Hey.
[Amanda] Hey! Oh. look at you!
I love your hair like that.
Oh. it's very... very...
Ethnic.
- Barry. really?
- What?
It suits you.
Don't you think. Neve?
Yes. Yes.
Who did your hair like that?
- Emily.
- [Ian] Where's your brother?
[Mary] Basketball.
I think it's time we made a move.
Was lovely.
[Amanda] Yes.
Wouldn't want to overstay our welcome.
Get ready for bed. darling.
- [Ian] Night. sweetheart.
- [Amanda] Night.
[sighs] Thanks for coming.
[door opens]
- [door shuts]
- [Neve] What time does basketball finish?
[tuts. sighs]
[Ian] He attended basketball.
Had a great game. apparently.
Uh. the others went for some food after
to celebrate the win.
but Sebastian didn't attend.
[man] And this was?
[Ian] Three hours ago.
See?
There are people out to hurt us.
Out to bring violence against us.
Who's out to bring violence against us?
What is wrong with you tonight? Really?
[man] Now. Neve. calm down.
You know how these things are.
Young boy's meeting a girl
after a good game. on the quiet.
Eh. Ian? Doesn't want anyone
pulling the rug from under his feet.
Yes. Yeah. if you like.
[man] Tell you what. I'll head out now
and do another round of the town.
- I'm sure he'll turn up.
- [Ian] Thanks. Ken.
[TV] ...so I'm pleased
this renovated farmhouse.
ten minutes from the village
of Santa María de Nieva. is still on the...
[front door opens]
Now you challenged me...
[door shuts]
[TV] We've come ten minutes up the valley
from where we just were.
and we've got a detached house.
Where the hell have you been?!
- [Sebastian] Out. man.
- [Ian] Out?!
Out? You. you didn't call.
You didn't leave a message.
We. we've been worried sick!
[Sebastian] Well. I'm back now.
so just chill!
[Ian] "Chill"?!
[Sebastian] Ah! Mum.
fucking what you doing?!
Ow! Ow!
[Ian] Neve! Neve!
[Neve] Upstairs! Now!
What the fuck?!
[Neve panting]
[door shuts]
[fox screeching in distance]
[strange creaking]
[walls rumbling]
[rumbling intensifies]
[tunelessly] ♪ Happy birthday to... ♪
[rumbling gets louder]
[rumbling becomes cacophonous]
[gasps]
[breathing erratically]
[Neve] A warning. yes.
Ideally. you'd let him go.
In fact. just let him go.
Did you see him
give Sebastian the cigarette?
Yes.
Well. where else did he get them?
[hesitates] Uh. uh. I'm. I'm just saying.
you know. if we're to go
through the proper channels.
Otherwise. you know.
it could seem like I'm... like we're...
What? Spit it out. man!
Discriminating.
I see.
Well. a formal warning
will suffice for now.
♪ Not by the token
Of this faltering breath ♪
♪ This chill at heart ♪
♪ This dampness on my brow... ♪
[fire bell ringing]
Okay. you know the drill.
Don't panic. Mary. start the line.
That's it. quickly now!
[Neve] Quickly. guys. Grab your things.
That's it.
Nice and ordered. Come along now. quickly.
Quickly. quickly. Let's go.
[ringing continues]
[Neve] Single file through here.
Guys. carry on straight down
into the outer grounds.
I'm just doing a toilet check.
Mary. go.
[ringing continues]
[ringing stops]
Hello?
[metallic rattle]
You tried to get me fired.
No.
- You want me gone?
- Please. it's not what you think.
You erased me.
Me and Dione.
You erased us! We thought you were dead!
It's not me! I'm not her!
[breathing heavily]
[muffled dialogue]
[clock ticking]
[muffled chatter]
So lovely to see you both.
Thank you for coming.
Sonia. Jessie!
- [Neve] Oh. thank you.
- Thanks so much.
- [Neve] Really appreciate...
- So nice.
[Neve] Of course.
My pleasure. Hello. darling.
- [Ian] Excuse me. Ready to speak?
- [Neve] Yes. two minutes. You okay. babe?
[Ian] Yeah. Good luck.
- [Neve] Hi. guys.
- Hello. Neve!
- [Neve] All looking wonderful!
- [woman] It's all marvelous.
- [Neve] Thank you. Cakes look delicious.
- Thank you.
[sighs. whispers] Thanks for coming.
[hum of chatter]
[gasps. chuckles nervously]
Mic check. One-two. one-two.
[unheard dialogue]
Welcome to our home.
A massive thank you to you all
for making generous contributions.
Today. we dedicate our time
to those less fortunate.
growing up in barren terrains.
where access to the basics
becomes a gargantuan struggle.
Where simple eye or ear infections
can lead to blindness and deafness.
When a simple course of antibiotics
could afford that child
a life of seeing the sunrise
and hearing the birds sing...
in the morning.
[gasps quietly]
As an ode
to these unfortunate individuals.
our very own choir will perform
"The Dream of Gerontius" in sign.
The journey of a dead man's soul.
Take it away. guys.
Jesu. Maria. I am near to death.
[organ begins playing]
♪ Jesu. Maria. I am near to death ♪
♪ And thou art calling me ♪
♪ I know it now ♪
♪ Jesu. Maria. I am near to death ♪
♪ And thou art calling me ♪
♪ I know it now ♪
♪ Not by the token
Of this faltering breath ♪
♪ This chill at heart ♪
[becoming muted]
♪ This dampness on my brow ♪
♪ Jesu. have mercy! ♪
[muffled. echoing]
[inaudible singing]
[staccato violin playing]
[muffled singing]
[violin becomes discordant]
[inaudible singing]
- [violin intensifies]
- [inaudible singing]
Who?! Who invited you?!
What kind of sordid.
messed-up game are you playing?
- [liquid spills]
- [guests gasp]
You. you turn up out of the blue
and. and pollute the environment.
- Stop it. please.
- What the hell's...
No! No. we will not play
your messed-up. twisted game anymore.
- Your intentions are clear.
- Mum.
We will not toler...
Mother!
- [gasps]
- [Neve sobbing]
[gasps softly. breathes shakily]
[shuddering. gasping] I...
[whimpers]
[breathes shakily]
♪ If you're talkin' the hardest ♪
♪ Giggs better pop up
In your thoughts as an artist ♪
- ♪ Jheeze ♪
- ♪ Taunting the market ♪
♪ Everybody wants to know
Where 'Walk in the Park' is ♪
♪ Walk in the party. sporting Armani ♪
♪ Half of the crowd's
All snorting my Charlie ♪
♪ Sorted the bar
Time to sort the punani ♪
♪ Chicks looking at me
Like. "Talk to me. darlin'" ♪
- ♪ Jheeze ♪
- ♪ Hollering at man ♪
♪ Winking. smiling. and wanna attack man ♪
♪ I think these lighties
Loving my Black gang ♪
♪ Everyone's suit
Same color as Batman's ♪
- ♪ Ooh ♪
- ♪ Flipping like a quarter a brick...♪
- [man] Have a safe journey.
- [woman] Thanks.
♪ Anybody thinks
They can talk to my click ♪
♪ Will end up covered in red
Like a portion of chips ♪
Umm! ♪
- ♪ Pour me a drink. big fur jacket... ♪
- Hey.
[music ends abruptly]
Hi. Um... How can I help you?
A room. please.
I've still got my first teddy.
Two singles if you have it. Please.
How long are you thinking of staying?
[Carl] A week.
♪ Bad mans on the block. yeah ♪
♪ Spender. Young Giggs
Mantis. and Rockz ♪
♪ TB. Tinie. Carlton. and Jim Jones ♪
♪ Holding it down
While they handle the clock ♪
- ♪ My niggas ♪
- ♪ Pussyholes got my mandem on lock ♪
- ♪ Lock ♪
- ♪ Straps. we handle a lot ♪
- ♪ Straps ♪
- ♪ Clapped your mandem and what? ♪
♪ Me and you are cool
But you can stand there and watch ♪
♪ My PYGs'll put their hands
On your watch ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Be easy. I'll put your mans in a box ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Young lap... ♪
You'll have to iron it. Make it look nice.
I wouldn't get your hopes up.
[TV narrator] Mrs. John Q. Public
no longer finds housework...
[Carl] What you watching?
- Nothing.
- Thanks to a host of labor-saving devices.
Including her husband.
Maybe we should've brought something.
We did.
We brought ourselves.
[loud crash on TV]
[woman on TV] Darling!
[1940s music playing on TV]
Can't wait until it gets to tomorrow.
[sighs]
[music continues on TV]
Can't wait.
[computer keys tapping]
- [girl] Oh my! Hansel. look!
- [Hansel] Wow! What is it?
[girl] Oh! It's. it's beautiful!
Let's get a closer look.
[girl] Ooh. it looks like candy!
- [Hansel] I'm gonna try some.
- [girl] Me too!
- [children] Huh?!
- Well. hello. my little darlings.
Welcome to my house.
[computer keys tapping]
So that's them.
[Carl] Uh-huh.
That's our family.
[Neve] It's not just giving back.
It's bringing it all together.
my time here.
A graduation of sorts.
[Amanda] And a chance
to show off the new kitchen?
[Neve] Well. that too. obviously.
[Ian] Let's see.
What kind of experience do you have?
I haven't been down to London in a while.
- [keyboards tapping]
- [phone ringing]
You found my tribe.
Tribe.
That's funny.
You remind me of her.
My wife.
Same nose.
[man] The school has a great history.
It was commissioned by Queen Victoria.
Great.
I worked a few period buildings abroad.
You travel far?
I've moved around a lot.
Denmark. Brussels.
Liverpool. [chuckles softly]
Yeah?
Do you follow?
[gasps softly]
Some of my best days
were sat in the Kop end.
20.000 strong. sucking the ball
into the back of the net.
[chuckles]
Good man.
Hey. The only color that matters.
Team colors.
Exactly.
[man laughing]
Uh... Hi?
Ian's... daughter. right?
Yeah. How do you...
I saw your photograph. In the shop.
- I'm working there until I get on my feet.
- Okay.
The glamour of insurance.
- My dad certainly thinks so.
- I like your hair.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
I sometimes rock mine like that.
Sends the boys... wild.
Cool. Uh...
I'm still refining it. but yeah.
Uh... I like yours too.
Coconut oil.
We should... hang sometime.
- Swap recipes.
- Sure.
Cool.
I'll Facebook you. You got an alias?
Um. not quite an alias. Just Mary.
Williams. With a hashtag at the end.
So. sort of. maybe.
[Dione] Name's Abigail.
But you
can call me Abi.
Say nuttin'.
[gentle piano music plays]
[TV plays in background]
[Carl. middle-class accent]
A parking ticket. yes. Exactly.
What address is the vehicle registered to?
I share the car with my wife.
and we recently had a breakup. you see.
Thank you.
That's the usual address.
I'll just tear up the ticket. Great.
[regular voice] Got the address.
- She hasn't accepted my request.
- Just be patient.
I can't look at her photos
unless she accepts it!
[phone dings]
We're friends!
Don't forget why we came here. You get?
[Dione tuts]
- [Dione] Meanie.
- [crossly] What?
Meanie!
[Neve] So. yes. I'd just had tea
with Amanda. and I...
[phone pings]
[Neve] No phones at the table. Mary.
[school bell rings]
Where's your mum at?
Been dreaming about her.
Sod off.
[patronizingly] Ooh! Let me know
when you're ready to man up. freak.
[bully snorts]
- [Neve] Off to class with you.
- [bully] Fuckin' inbreds.
So many haters around. innit?
Yeah. Haters.
- It's what happens when you're different.
- [Neve] Sebas.
Sebastian!
It's kinda shit
when your mum's the deputy head.
[Carl scoffs]
- Marvin.
- Sebastian.
I'll catch you later. Sebas.
[Sebastian] Yeah. man.
[Carl] Shouldn't let people
treat you like that.
Here's good.
- You got a light?
- Uh... I didn't think that...
Just kidding.
[chuckles] Okay. cool.
It's all white label now.
No graphics.
Like that's gonna stop us.
Right?
Hell. no.
[tuts] Oh. you...
Take that down. man. Yo. like this.
Now you.
[chuckling]
Yeah. there you go.
That's that man shit.
[twig snaps]
[Neve] Who gave you that?!
- Where is he?
- [Sebastian] Who?
[Neve] Who? This is the game
you wanna play with me?
- [Sebastian] I bought them.
- [Neve] Don't treat me like a fool!
[phone ringing]
Brotherly Cover. how can I help?
Okay.
Right.
Did it sever off completely?
[whistle blows]
[spectators cheer]
Yes. yes. yes!
- [spectators cheer. applaud]
- [whistle toots]
- See you later.
- [Neve] Jessie's dropping you back?
[Mary irritably] Yes. Mum.
Yes. Love you. Bye.
[Neve] Love you. Bye.
[Mary chuckles]
- [Mary] Hi.
- [Dione] How are you?
[Mary] I'm good. How are you?
[Dione] Good. I'm good.
I'm excited for this party.
[indistinct dialogue]
[inaudible dialogue]
[inaudible]
[audible applause]
[people cheering. whooping]
[Sebastian] Ah. man. it just clicked.
[Carl] Did good. man. You did good.
Thanks. man. And I thought it was dope
when you whistled.
You bun?
Zoot.
[Sebastian] Um...
[chuckling]
First time for everything.
Ain't no shame in that.
Let's find a spot.
♪ And I answered
Oh Lord God. thou knowest ♪
♪ Oh Lord God... ♪
[Mary] I swear... [giggling]
Yo. this is some Alice-in-Wonderland shit.
[slurring] Let us see what's in here.
Pick what you want. Try anything.
It's a par-ty!
- Whoo-whoo!
Just look at all these cakes. We're like...
[posh accent] ...ladies at tea.
- [Mary scoffs]
- [Dione chuckles]
[Mary] My head's spinning. man. Oh!
Yellow dress.
Versace.
- You'd look killer in it.
- I'll wear it to prom.
Prom?
- Prom like in the movies?
- Yeah. You never been to one?
I...
- We never...
- My mum's throwing a gala.
You should totally come.
It'll be fussy. but there'll be
a lot of free food and drink. [chuckles]
This is cool!
[US accent] What do you reckon. homie?
["Brainfreeze" by XVOTO
playing in background]
And I answered. "Oh Lord God" ♪
"Thou Knowest" ♪
You're the favorite.
I bet you've always... been the favorite.
- Right?
- Not really.
She tucks you into bed.
And sings to you when you sleep.
doesn't she?
Wait. what? Who?
[angrily] And that makes it all right
when the meanies are out and about.
Shut up.
Can't wait
till this all
comes out.
- Are you all right. Abi?
- Yeah.
Just got to go to the bathroom.
[door opens]
[Sebastian] So. what brings you to Combe?
[Carl] Thought I'd add
some color to the place.
[Sebastian chuckles]
Yeah. there ain't no other Blacks around.
No. I mean. I guess I'm kinda...
- Yeah?
- My mum.
I never met my parents.
What's she like?
[Sebastian] Who?
Your mum?
Thinks she's white.
Never says anything about her past.
- The fuck?
- Anything Black. off limits.
[Sebastian coughing]
Shit. man. This weed is strong.
Where'd you get it?
[Carl] You think you'd survive that drop?
Huh?
Do you think you'd survive it?
Go on.
- What?
- [tersely] Have a look.
Lean over the edge and have a look.
- Why?
- I thought you were on this man shit!
Stand up.
Look over the edge.
Now.
That's an order.
[Sebastian breathing deeply]
[labored breathing]
[Sebastian gasps]
All right.
Well done. bruv.
Well done.
Passed the test.
Now you're ready for the next level.
[cheering]
[laughs] Listen. He missed a shot. Yeah?
[dialogue continues indistinctly]
[metal playing through headphones]
[music stops]
Hello?
Sebas?
- You need to stop picking on my bro.
- [whimpering]
[Carl] Do it. Sebas. Do it now!
- [Sebastian breathes shakily]
- [bully snorts]
[Carl] What the fuck are you waiting for?
- [bully whimpers]
- [Carl] Do it!
- [Sebastian breathing loudly]
- [bully whimpering loudly]
[bone crunches]
[door shuts]
[cartoon playing on TV]
What's been goin' on here?
She has everything.
She has it all.
- Who?
- [Dione] We had a party here.
Me and Mary. the favorite.
You brought her here?
What is wrong with you?
- That wasn't the plan.
- Ah! Nothing!
Nothing's wrong with me. okay?
I'm done pretending.
[sighs]
We should just go.
We should up and leave now.
We're not wanted.
[Dione] We've been invited to the gala.
So?
So...
I never got to go to prom.
- ♪ I see the sign ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
-  Hail O the time draws nigh ♪
- ♪ The sign of the judgement ♪
- ♪ Hey ♪
- ♪ Hail O the time draws nigh ♪
- ♪ Sign in the fig tree ♪
- ♪ Hey ♪
- ♪ Hail O the time draws nigh ♪
-  Loose horse in the valley ♪
- ♪ Hey ♪
- ♪ Loose horse in the valley ♪
- ♪ Hail O the time draws nigh ♪
-  Tell me who gonna ride 'im? ♪
- ♪ Hey ♪
- ♪ Tell me who gonna ride 'im? ♪
- ♪ Hail O the time draws nigh ♪
Yeah! ♪
Sure you wanna go through with this?
'Course.
I'm so happy.
- [screaming]
- [Ian] Hey. hey. hey.
[screaming. shouting]
This is all you! It's all you!
Get off me! It's all you!
No! Why?!
No. you didn't let me get one day!
Get off me!
One day!
[screams] No! Get off! [crying]
Is it true?
Y...
Yes.
It's not what you think.
Then how is it. Neve?
It looks to me
like your two Black children just showed...
- See?
- "See"?
"See?" This is somehow on me?
You're. you're. you're gonna explain...
- [Sebastian] Why didn't you tell us?
- They grew up with their father. He...
He was a bad man. I...
I had to escape. so I. I. I. just...
[Ian] Left.
You just...
left them.
[disgusted] Who are you?
- I'm. uh...
- This is fucked.
- This is so. so fucked!
- Let her explain. Mum. tell us how...
Don't make out
you would have been up for raising
two Black children who weren't yours. Ian!
- You never asked.
- Well. neither did you.
No. No. that's not fair.
I could have. Um... Maybe?
Exactly.
Exactly. Ian.
The two worlds don't mix.
And I. I. I...
I did what I had to do.
What fathers do all the time.
What do they want?
No. they haven't gone about things
conventionally.
You never recognized them?
It was 16. 17 years ago.
[Sebastian] Oh. fuck.
- Fuck. man!
- Stop it.
- [Ian] That's enough.
- Please.
There is something that I have to do.
I will explain everything afterwards.
[woman] Hey. Can I get you guys anything?
- We're waiting on someone.
- [woman] Sure. sure.
Just let me know
when your third party arrives.
[door rattles]
Hi. Hi.
So sorry. I'm...
Have you ordered anything?
Is there anything you want?
Take a seat.
[sniffs. sighs] Thanks.
- Thanks for agreeing to meet with me.
- [woman] Hey. team!
Specials are at the bottom.
Can I get you anything to drink?
Vodka.
Vod... Oh.
- We don't stock alcohol...
- Just... Maybe just some tea.
Guys? Tea?
Whatever.
Great. Bring a pot.
Wow.
Look at you both.
- I hardly recognized you.
- What happened to your accent?
- Do you hate being Black?
- No.
[Dione] That's what bro says.
No. no. I'm a proud Black woman.
Proud.
Look. firstly.
please let me apologize.
I'm so sorry for my outburst. I...
I don't know what came over me.
I've been under
the most amount of stress. and...
You...
want to say sorry?
Exactly.
Exactly. Dione.
That's what I'm here to do.
[spluttering] It hasn't been
a straightforward journey.
There have been things
that have happened that...
that drew my hand...
- You never reached out.
- [Neve sighs]
You said you were going
to the hairdressers. 18 years ago.
- Your father. he was a very dangerous man.
- You weren't exactly perfect either.
I don't know if you remember
what it was like.
- On Coldharbour?
- Is that a trick question?
- [Neve] No. I...
- Why...
- Why didn't you take us with you?
- I left you with your auntie.
She gave us away.
She didn't want us.
[woman] Careful. guys!
The tea is super hot.
- Don't want anybody to scald themselves.
- Would you fuck off!
Sure.
[cracks his knuckles]
You're both right.
It's unacceptable.
I should have written.
I should have reached out.
There are so many "should'ves."
I can't imagine what you must think of me.
I'm still struggling to process it myself.
Are we... going to move in?
To the big house?
[chuckles nervously] That's...
that's a very important question.
And I've been thinking
of how I can make things right.
And it appears to me that. right now.
it's important that you both
are able to get back on your feet.
[bag unclasps]
[paper rustling]
I wish I could give more.
Maybe I can. Down the line.
But here's a check.
For £20.000.
- A check?
- Yes.
If you go back to London.
it will give you a chance
to get back on your feet.
Until. uh...
[Dione] Until...
we... work it all out?
Exactly.
Exactly. Dione.
Until we can find a way
to work it all out.
Wow. Look at you both.
How you've grown. [chuckles anxiously]
I've broken it down
into two separate checks
to avoid arguments.
[Carl scoffs]
[Carl inhales deeply]
Thank you. Mum.
[Neve] There's no excuse for my behavior.
I was...
traumatized
after the second birth.
I never even wanted her.
Dione.
I was forced.
Who knows what would have happened
if I'd stayed?
If I'd be here now.
If you'd be here. even.
And so I ran.
Escaped.
It wasn't planned. I...
I saw an opportunity. and I went for it.
All this
is just restless curiosity.
People need to know who they are.
Where they're from.
Like... on those programs.
It doesn't change anything here.
They've gone.
For now.
Back to London.
They just went?
Mmm.
They decided to leave.
- Will we ever see them again?
- Don't you even want to?
All in good time.
We need to heal a bit first.
Don't we?
Before jumping into all that.
Now it's important to rebuild our defenses
and remember that we love each other.
That this is real.
That I am real.
Your mother's right.
We are a family.
Whatever happened before
doesn't change that.
There will be
many more conversations to come.
Believe you me.
But. for now...
we have to stay together.
[Neve sighs softly]
Mary.
[Neve] Son?
[dog barking in distance]
[tool rattling]
[door handle rattles]
[extractor fan whirring]
[chuckles softly]
[water gushing]
[TV narrator] Together.
they can better defend their territory.
Now this is... Gosh. this is...
[enthusiastically]
This ring is astonishing!
It is one of the nicest...
Oh my gosh. look at this ring!
- Three quarters of a carat...
- [laughs]
[TV playing in distance]
[water gushing]
[Dione] Hey. Sebas.
- [Dione] Think I might have a bath.
- [Carl] Have you got a clean towel?
[Dione] Couldn't find any.
[water gushing]
[Neve] What are you doing.
taking a bath at this hour?
They're downstairs.
[Carl] Know where
the clean towels are kept?
[Dione] I checked the cupboards
but couldn't find any clean ones.
Right. okay.
[gushing continues]
You never mentioned you were coming round.
[Carl] It's Abigail's birthday.
We thought it would be a great idea
to bring it in together.
Maybe order Chinese.
[Dione] I love Chinese food!
[Carl] Sebas! What you sayin'. bro?
- Didn't mean to wake you.
- [Dione] Hey. M!
Like your PJs.
Hi. Ian. Guess what?
It's my birthday!
- Please. I know how you must be...
- [Dione] Where do you keep clean towels?
[Carl] Is it washday. Mum? Ian. washday?
- I know that you're angry...
- [Carl] Sis!
Send the menu around.
We'll do it like that. On me.
It's a celebration.
Mum.
Mum!
I like the hair.
You bringing it back to the '90s?
[Neve panting. groans]
[Carl] Chill.
Or see what happens.
Chill.
[Neve moans softly]
[Carl] Mmm!
I'm going Singapore noodle
and sweet-and-sour chicken.
Peking-style.
Mary. go and get the house phone
so we can put the order in.
You. Abs?
Birthday girl.
Ribs.
[Carl] Nice.
Very nice.
- With?
- Chow mein.
Chicken chow mein.
Who's getting this down?
- Mary. you getting this?
- [Ian] Wait.
I was totally unaware
of what happened in the past with Neve...
You mean... Cheryl.
[Carl] You didn't know?
Oh... It was a terrible mix-up.
It's all just been a terrible confusion.
I mean. I...
We don't condone what she did.
We demanded answers too.
like the two of you.
Now you. Sebas. I seen you on the court.
I know you got an appetite.
- If we could just talk...
- Sebas!
- What is it. bruv?
- [water sloshing]
[Sebastian] Uh...
Prawn crackers and egg-fried rice.
Good. Very good.
Gonna be a feast. I like.
You lift weights? Ian.
I clocked a gym back there.
[mocking disbelief] A gym. you know?
In the house.
We should do a family photograph.
[Carl] After we sorted the order.
we can do a family photo.
But it's my turn to be in the middle.
That's non-negotiable. Mary.
[Carl] Mum. what you going for?
- I'll just have a bit of everyone else's.
- You sure? I'm buying.
Mary. Phone 'em up.
[gushing continues]
[line ringing]
[shakily] Shall I turn the water off?
Let it run.
Let it run and run.
[line still ringing]
[machine] I'm sorry.
but we're currently closed.
Our opening hours are 12:00 to 11:00.
Monday to Sunday. Please call back later.
No worries.
Don't watch that.
[water sloshing]
Uber Eats.
They got Uber Eats in Castle Combe? Ian.
- I believe so.
- [Carl] Good.
Take my phone. Mary. You find a Chinese.
Ian.
Now... I know you must be hurting...
Sorry.
- Would you repeat?
- I know you must be in pain...
[bone crunches]
[inaudible dialogue]
[Dione] Here you go.
Ta. Thanks. Abi.
[Mary] Yep. I found a good one.
[Carl] That's my girl.
[Dione] Aren't you gonna
wish me happy birthday?
[Carl] Come on. It's her fucking birthday.
Well. don't just stand there. Sing!
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
- [Neve] ♪ Happy birthday. dear Dione ♪
- [others] ♪ Happy birthday. dear Abi ♪
- [Neve] ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
- [Mary]  Dione ♪
- Hip hip!
- [others] Hooray.
[all clapping]
[Carl] Nice.
You play board games. right?
At Christmas or birthdays.
We got no board game ting.
- We must've missed a fair few board games.
- [Dione] Mmm.
On Christmases and birthdays.
How many birthdays
is that anyway? Fifteen?
[Dione] Sixteen.
[Carl] Seventeen.
Let's play Scrabble!
I love Scrabble.
[Carl] You got Scrabble?
Ian?
Yes. I believe we have Scrabble somewhere.
[Carl] Sebas. You go with Abs and find
the board game while we set the table up.
Mum?
Set the fucking table. will ya?
[sniffing]
[cupboard door opens. shuts]
[Neve softly] It's okay.
[sniffing]
[water sloshing]
Did you write the check or did she?
I'm sorry?
The 20K she just tried to buy us off with.
You tried to pay them off?
Mum. how could you?
It wasn't intended to...
We could have given more.
I was just trying to help.
Neve. what the hell is wrong with you?
[sobs]
Let's round it up.
20K for 20 years.
But what could I get for that?
It's about a grand for each year. right?
You'd need to budget that.
Let me see.
Shoes on my feet.
Getting sectioned.
Wetting the bed until just recently.
[Dione] Found it!
Let's play!
What you buying back with yours. Abs?
[softly] Please.
[Dione] I told you already.
I'm paying off the meanies.
And all the things they've done.
[Carl yelling] You do that. sis!
You do exactly that!
But for now.
we're just buying back Cheryl.
Isn't that what we agreed?
[Carl] Mum?
Teams.
Shall we do teams?
[Ian] Oh?
This has always been a family favorite.
Seems the perfect way
to introduce Carl and Dione to the flock.
Yes.
I see now.
this is as it should be. isn't it?
With all of us gathered around.
Ian?
I want a divorce.
It's over.
[Sebastian] Dad. stop it.
Can't we try?
[Mary] Teams sounds good!
I'll go with Dione.
I'll go with Carl.
[Dione] That leaves Mum and Dad.
Awesome. Fantastic. Hon?
[Scrabble tiles rattling]
[Sebastian] Mum? Dad? What have you got?
Okay. [chuckles]
Let's see.
Let's see. what word do we have here?
Ian?
[quavers] Yeah.
[fakes positivity] What have we got?
[Neve mumbling]
[laughs wildly]
"Rhino." [chuckles]
- That's funny.
- [Neve] Isn't it just. darling?
[Dione] Me next!
Let me know when you want to do
that photograph. Dione.
Isn't she pretty. Mary?
Uh-huh.
"Tuna."
- Shall we?
- Yeah.
[Sebastian] Okay. Um...
So...
- [Dione] What are you doing?!
- [Carl] Bored.
[Dione] I wanna play the game!
It's my birthday! I get to choose!
- [Neve] I'm sure we can find another game.
- Me and Ian are gonna do a little workout.
How about charades or something?
Yeah! Charades are sick.
[Carl] Isn't it. Ian?
Don't hurt him.
Please.
Hurt him?
Why would I do that?
We're family. Right. Ian?
- Let's go.
- Ian!
I'll be all right.
I'll talk to him.
[Carl] What kinda KG
you pushing these days?
- A bit.
- [chuckles]
A bit?
Must be more than a bit.
Let's go.
Talk's cheap. right?
It's all in the doin'.
Right. Mum?
[motorcycle engine growling]
[growling stops]
[inaudible dialogue]
[muffled doorbell ring]
[inhales deeply through nose]
[knocking at door]
- [Ian groans]
- [metallic clank]
- [metallic clanging]
- [Ian groaning]
[man] Early-morning munchies?
[Neve chuckling] Aren't you funny?
Yes. something like that.
Don't I know you?
[man] Um. maybe. Don't know.
Not sure I've delivered here before.
Nice house.
We didn't think we'd find anywhere.
what with it being so late.
Let me get you a tip
for being so accommodating.
[Ian groans]
[man] Everything okay?
[Neve] Wait there. Wait right there.
[water sloshing]
Mmm!
Smells yummy. doesn't it?
[Ian groaning]
[groaning gets louder]
[metal clinking]
[Ian gasping]
- [metal clangs]
- [Ian groans]
[Ian groaning]
- Sebas.
- [Ian groaning]
Have you seen my purse?
I don't know. Upstairs?
- [Ian groans]
- Yes. that's right. Well done.
[Ian groaning]
[groaning] I can't. I can't.
[desperately] I can't!
[grunting] I can't.
- [Ian's groan quavers]
- Bit of a wuss?
[groaning]
- You ain't walking away that easy.
- [Ian gurgles]
You made your bed with us.
[Ian gurgling]
We're the same now.
[Ian groans]
- [moans]
- [bone cracks]
[Dione humming "Happy Birthday"]
- [Mary snuffles]
- [footsteps descending]
All good.
It was in the wardrobe.
I'm sorry.
I'm very sorry
for how this has turned out.
I hope one day you can forgive me.
Let me tip the man.
and then we'll eat and discuss.
[Carl inhales] Mmm.
It looks good.
Where's Mum?
[motorcycle engine growling]
[engines gets faster]
[engine grows fainter]
["If You’re Not White. You’re Black"
performed by Lord Kitchener playing]
♪ Your father is an African ♪
♪ Your mother may be Norwegian ♪
♪ You pass me
You wouldn't say goodnight ♪
♪ Feeling you are really white ♪
♪ Your skin may be a little pink ♪
♪ And that’s the reason why you think ♪
♪ That the complexion of your face ♪
♪ Can hide you from the negro race ♪
♪ No! You can never get away from the fact
If you not white. you considered Black ♪
♪ You jet along the thoroughfare ♪
♪ You shake your waist like Fred Astaire ♪
♪ And when you see me passing by ♪
♪ You watch me with a crooked eye ♪
♪ And yet. you speak to Mr. B ♪
♪ Who does not want your company ♪
♪ In every way you endeavor ♪
♪ To show yourself superior ♪
♪ No! You can never get away from the fact
If you not white. you considered Black ♪
♪ Your negro hair is obvious ♪
♪ You make it more conspicuous ♪
♪ You use all sorts of Vaseline ♪
♪ To make out you are European ♪
♪ You speak with exaggeration ♪
♪ To make the greatest impression ♪
♪ That you were taught. apparently ♪
♪ At Cambridge University ♪
♪ No! You can never get away from the fact
If you not white. you considered Black ♪
♪ You hate the name of Africa ♪
♪ The land of your great-grandfather ♪
♪ The country where you can't be wrong ♪
♪ The home where you really belong ♪
♪ You rather be amongst the whites ♪
♪ Than stick up for your father's rights ♪
♪ And very often. from your face ♪
♪ To think you’re from the negro race! ♪
♪ No! You can never get away from the fact
If you not white. you considered Black ♪
[song ends]
[poignant classical music playing]
[somber music playing]